Looks like we're a little late, boys.
Tape off the crime
scene, call in forensics,
and keep the goddamn media away.
Little lady, you
just popped his Beetlejuice.
Say your goodbyes.
You can take your selfie
now if you like, but make it quick.
[COUGHING]
Sister, you're coming with me.
What? What?
Delia, what did you do?
I fell for a scam, and I'm
counting on you to claim a refund.
Those snakes were
actually poisonous, weren't they?
Yeah.
So I died of embarrassment.
Your work's gonna go up in value.
Oh, oh, well then.
Mm-hmm.
Delia, I'll miss you.
No, you won't.
I'll find Charles and we'll hunt you both
until you beg us to move on.
Nice work for a couple of flesh bags.
Don't come knocking until it's your time.
And in the meantime,
remember, you gotta keep it real.
Come on, beautiful.
We gotta date with the commission.
Oh.